# Hair-Hemlines-and-Husbands
This project has been generously funded via Rice University, Stony Brook University, and the American Political Science Association. All experimental research has been preregistered via AsPredicted.

If you would like more information, access to the working manuscript, or access to the raw survey data, please email lauren.palladino@stonybrook.edu

Abstract: Responding to increasingly diverse political campaigns, scholars have identified trends delineating tendencies between men and women running for political office. Considering media specifically, research suggests that political reporting differs significantly between men and women seeking office. This work explores the electorate response to political media containing feminine stereotypes. Especially when considering the difference in stereotypes placed on white women and women of color, this work examines perceptions on the basis of Shockley-Zalabak’s model of organizational trust: competence, honesty, reliability, concern, and sharing of values. A national survey sample found that voters are more likely to label women as less competent, honest, reliable, concerned, and less likely to share the same values as their constituents than men running for political office. This difference is further exacerbated when comparing Black women to their white counterparts. These results hold critical implications in the realm of political rhetoric, implicit gender bias, and inclusivity in the American political sphere.
